#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.6
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
appnope==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
arrow==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2-time
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
aws-lambda-builders==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
aws-sam-cli==1.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-sam-translator==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
awscli==1.20.44
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
backports.zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tzlocal
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
boto3==1.18.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   serverlessrepo
botocore==1.21.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
cfn-flip==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   troposphere
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   binaryornot
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
chevron==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
    #   cfn-flip
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flask
    #   mkdocs
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awscli
colorclass==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-upgrader
cookiecutter==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
coverage==5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses==0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
dateparser==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
decorator==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   traitlets
django==3.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework
django-environ==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-framework==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-suit==0.2.28
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-framework
docker==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-upgrader
docutils==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awscli
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
future==0.18.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ghp-import==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   pep517
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
importlib-resources==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   backports.zoneinfo
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
ipython==7.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   traitlets
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flask
    #   jinja2-time
    #   mkdocs
    #   sphinx
jinja2-time==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-translator
kiwisolver==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
livereload==2.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   pydoc-markdown
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
mkdocs==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydoc-markdown
more-itertools==8.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.16.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
parso==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pep517==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-upgrader==1.4.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
poyo==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydoc-markdown==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==6.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   ghp-import
    #   matplotlib
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   dateparser
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
    #   awscli
    #   cfn-flip
    #   mkdocs
    #   pydoc-markdown
    #   serverlessrepo
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
regex==2021.8.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
    #   cookiecutter
    #   docker
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   sphinx
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awscli
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
serverlessrepo==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-lambda-builders
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-flip
    #   cookiecutter
    #   cycler
    #   docker
    #   jsonschema
    #   livereload
    #   pydoc-markdown
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   serverlessrepo
    #   traitlets
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinx==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
terminaltables==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-upgrader
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pep517
tomlkit==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   livereload
traitlets==4.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
troposphere==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   asgiref
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   troposphere
tzlocal==3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
watchdog==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-sam-cli
    #   mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   aws-lambda-builders
    #   pip-tools
whichcraft==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
    #   pep517

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
